# container

## Index

- [Container](#container)
- [FileSpec](#filespec)
- [lifecycle](lifecycle/lifecycle.md)
  - [Lifecycle](lifecycle/lifecycle.md#lifecycle)
- [probe](probe/probe.md)
  - [Exec](probe/probe.md#exec)
  - [Http](probe/probe.md#http)
  - [Probe](probe/probe.md#probe)
  - [Tcp](probe/probe.md#tcp)


## Schemas

### Container

Container describes how the Application's tasks are expected to be run. Depending on the replicas parameter 1 or more containers can be created from each template.

#### Attributes

**args**

`[str]`

Arguments to the entrypoint.
Args will overwrite the CMD value set in the Dockfile, otherwise the Docker
image's CMD is used if this is not provided.

**command**

`[str]`

Entrypoint array. Not executed within a shell.
Command will overwrite the ENTRYPOINT value set in the Dockfile, otherwise the Docker
image's ENTRYPOINT is used if this is not provided.

**dirs**

`{str:str}`

Collection of volumes mount into the container's filesystem.
The dirs parameter is a dict with the key being the folder name in the container and the value
being the referenced volume.

**env**

`{str:str}`

List of environment variables to set in the container.
The value of the environment variable may be static text or a value from a secret.

**files**

`{str:FileSpec}`

List of files to create in the container.
The files parameter is a dict with the key being the file name in the container and the value
being the target file specification.

**image** *required*

`str`

Image refers to the Docker image name to run for this container.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images

**lifecycle**

`Lifecycle`

Lifecycle refers to actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events.

**livenessProbe**

`Probe`

LivenessProbe indicates if a running process is healthy.
Container will be restarted if the probe fails.

**readinessProbe**

`Probe`

ReadinessProbe indicates whether an application is available to handle requests.

**resources**

`{str:str}`

Map of resource requirements the container should run with.
The resources parameter is a dict with the key being the resource name and the value being
the resource value.

**startupProbe**

`Probe`

StartupProbe indicates that the container has started for the first time.
Container will be restarted if the probe fails.

**workingDir**

`str`

The working directory of the running process defined in entrypoint.
Default container runtime will be used if this is not specified.

### FileSpec

FileSpec defines the target file in a Container.

#### Attributes

**content**

`str`

File content in plain text.

**contentFrom**

`str`

Source for the file content, reference to a secret of configmap value.

**mode** *required*

`str`

Mode bits used to set permissions on this file, must be an octal value
between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
