# Package container

## Index

- [Main](#schema-main)
- [env](env/index.md)
  - [Env](env/index.md#schema-env)
  - [EnvFromSource](env/index.md#schema-envfromsource)
  - [EnvValueFrom](env/index.md#schema-envvaluefrom)
  - [ObjectFieldSelector](env/index.md#schema-objectfieldselector)
  - [ObjectKeySelector](env/index.md#schema-objectkeyselector)
  - [ResourceFieldSelector](env/index.md#schema-resourcefieldselector)
- [lifecycle](lifecycle/index.md)
  - [Lifecycle](lifecycle/index.md#schema-lifecycle)
- [port](port/index.md)
  - [ContainerPort](port/index.md#schema-containerport)
- [probe](probe/index.md)
  - [Exec](probe/index.md#schema-exec)
  - [Http](probe/index.md#schema-http)
  - [Probe](probe/index.md#schema-probe)
  - [Tcp](probe/index.md#schema-tcp)


## Schemas

### Schema Main

Main describes the main container configuration that is expected to be run on the host.

#### Attributes

**args**

`[str]`

A Container-level attribute.
The startup arguments of main process. The image&#39;s cmd is used if this is not provided.

**command**

`[str]`

A Container-level attribute.
The startup command of main process. The image&#39;s entrypoint is used if this is not provided.

**env**

`[Env]`

A Container-level attribute.
List of environment variables in the container.

**envFrom**

`[EnvFromSource]`

A Container-level attribute.
List of sources to populate environment variables in the container.

**imagePullPolicy**

`str`

A Container-level attribute

**lifecycle**

`Lifecycle`

Actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events. Cannot be updated.

**livenessProbe**

`Probe`

A Container-level attribute.
The probe to check whether container is live or not.

**name** *required*

`str`

A Container-level attribute.
The container name. Each container in a pod must have a unique name.

**ports**

`[ContainerPort]`

A Container-level attribute.
List of network ports in the container.

**readinessProbe**

`Probe`

A Container-level attribute.
The probe to check whether container is ready or not.
The default value can be referred to presupposed template: base/pkg/kusion_models/templates/sofa_probe.k

**securityContext**

`{str:}`

SecurityContext defines the security options the container should be run with. If set, the fields of SecurityContext override the equivalent fields of PodSecurityContext. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/

**startupProbe**

`Probe`

A Container-level attribute.
The probe to indicates that the Pod has successfully initialized.

**useBuiltInEnv**

`bool`

useBuiltInEnv indicates use built-in envs or not.

**workingDir**

`str`

Container&#39;s working directory. If not specified, the container runtime&#39;s default will be used, which might be configured in the container image. Cannot be updated.

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
