# v1beta1

## Index

- [CronJob](#cronjob)
- [CronJobSpec](#cronjobspec)
- [JobTemplateSpec](#jobtemplatespec)


## Schemas

### CronJob

CronJob represents the configuration of a single cron job.

#### Attributes

**apiVersion** *required* *readOnly*

`"batch/v1beta1"`

APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources

**kind** *required* *readOnly*

`"CronJob"`

Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds

**metadata**

`ObjectMeta`

Standard object&#39;s metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata

**spec**

`CronJobSpec`

Specification of the desired behavior of a cron job, including the schedule. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status

### CronJobSpec

CronJobSpec describes how the job execution will look like and when it will actually run.

#### Attributes

**concurrencyPolicy**

`str`

Specifies how to treat concurrent executions of a Job. Valid values are: - &#34;Allow&#34; (default): allows CronJobs to run concurrently; - &#34;Forbid&#34;: forbids concurrent runs, skipping next run if previous run hasn&#39;t finished yet; - &#34;Replace&#34;: cancels currently running job and replaces it with a new one

**failedJobsHistoryLimit**

`int`

The number of failed finished jobs to retain. This is a pointer to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified. Defaults to 1.

**jobTemplate** *required*

`JobTemplateSpec`

Specifies the job that will be created when executing a CronJob.

**schedule** *required*

`str`

The schedule in Cron format, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron.

**startingDeadlineSeconds**

`int`

Optional deadline in seconds for starting the job if it misses scheduled time for any reason.  Missed jobs executions will be counted as failed ones.

**successfulJobsHistoryLimit**

`int`

The number of successful finished jobs to retain. This is a pointer to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified. Defaults to 3.

**suspend**

`bool`

This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent executions, it does not apply to already started executions.  Defaults to false.

### JobTemplateSpec

JobTemplateSpec describes the data a Job should have when created from a template

#### Attributes

**metadata**

`ObjectMeta`

Standard object&#39;s metadata of the jobs created from this template. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata

**spec**

`JobSpec`

Specification of the desired behavior of the job. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
