# sidecar

## Index

- [Sidecar](#sidecar)
- [SimpleSidecar](#simplesidecar)


## Schemas

### Sidecar

Sidecar describes the sidecar container configuration that is expected to be run on the host.

#### Attributes

**args**

`[str]`

A Container-level attribute.
The startup arguments of main process. The image&#39;s cmd is used if this is not provided.

**command**

`[str]`

A Container-level attribute.
The startup command of main process. The image&#39;s entrypoint is used if this is not provided.

**env**

`[Env]`

A Container-level attribute.
List of environment variables in the container.

**envFrom**

`[EnvFromSource]`

A Container-level attribute.
List of sources to populate environment variables in the container.

**image** *required*

`str`

A Container-level attribute.
Container image name. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images

**lifecycle**

`Lifecycle`

Actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events.
Cannot be updated.

**livenessProbe**

`Probe`

A Container-level attribute.
The probe to check whether container is live or not.

**name** *required*

`str`

A Container-level attribute.
The container name. Each container in a pod must have a unique name.

**ports**

`[ContainerPort]`

List of ports to expose from the container. Exposing a port here gives the system additional information about the network connections a container uses, but is primarily informational. Not specifying a port here DOES NOT prevent that port from being exposed. Any port which is listening on the default &#34;0.0.0.0&#34; address inside a container will be accessible from the network. Cannot be updated.

**readinessProbe**

`Probe`

A Container-level attribute.
The probe to check whether container is ready or not.

**resource** *required*

`str | Resource`

A Pod-level attribute.
Sidecar container resource.

**securityContext**

`{str:}`

SecurityContext defines the security options the container should be run with.
If set, the fields of SecurityContext override the equivalent fields of PodSecurityContext.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/

**startupProbe**

`Probe`

A Container-level attribute.
The probe to indicates that the Pod has successfully initialized.

**workingDir**

`str`

Container&#39;s working directory. If not specified, the container runtime&#39;s default will be used,
which might be configured in the container image. Cannot be updated.

### SimpleSidecar

Simple sidecar describes the sidecar container configuration that is expected to be run on the host.

#### Attributes

**extInfo**

`{str:}`

The extended information.

**name** *required*

`str`

The sidecar name. e.g. &#39;odp&#39;,&#39;kmi&#39;,&#39;antmonitor&#39;.

**version** *required*

`str`

The sidecar version. e.g. &#39;v1.2.3&#39;.

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
