# Package v1

## Index

- [CrossVersionObjectReference](#schema-crossversionobjectreference)
- [HorizontalPodAutoscaler](#schema-horizontalpodautoscaler)
- [HorizontalPodAutoscalerSpec](#schema-horizontalpodautoscalerspec)


## Schemas

### Schema CrossVersionObjectReference

CrossVersionObjectReference contains enough information to let you identify the referred resource.

#### Attributes

**apiVersion**

`str`

API version of the referent

**kind** *required*

`str`

Kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds&#34;

**name** *required*

`str`

Name of the referent; More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names

### Schema HorizontalPodAutoscaler

configuration of a horizontal pod autoscaler.

#### Attributes

**apiVersion** *required* *readOnly*

`"autoscaling/v1"`

APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources

**kind** *required* *readOnly*

`"HorizontalPodAutoscaler"`

Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds

**metadata**

`ObjectMeta`

Standard object metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata

**spec**

`HorizontalPodAutoscalerSpec`

behaviour of autoscaler. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status.

### Schema HorizontalPodAutoscalerSpec

specification of a horizontal pod autoscaler.

#### Attributes

**maxReplicas** *required*

`int`

upper limit for the number of pods that can be set by the autoscaler; cannot be smaller than MinReplicas.

**minReplicas**

`int`

minReplicas is the lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale down.  It defaults to 1 pod.  minReplicas is allowed to be 0 if the alpha feature gate HPAScaleToZero is enabled and at least one Object or External metric is configured.  Scaling is active as long as at least one metric value is available.

**scaleTargetRef** *required*

`CrossVersionObjectReference`

reference to scaled resource; horizontal pod autoscaler will learn the current resource consumption and will set the desired number of pods by using its Scale subresource.

**targetCPUUtilizationPercentage**

`int`

target average CPU utilization (represented as a percentage of requested CPU) over all the pods; if not specified the default autoscaling policy will be used.

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
