# probe

## Index

- [Exec](#exec)
- [Http](#http)
- [Probe](#probe)
- [Tcp](#tcp)


## Schemas

### Exec

Exec describes a "run in container" action.

#### Attributes

**command** *required*

`[str]`

The command line to execute inside the container.

### Http

Http describes an action based on HTTP Get requests.

#### Attributes

**headers**

`{str:str}`

Collection of custom headers to set in the request

**url** *required*

`str`

The full qualified url to send HTTP requests.

### Probe

Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic. There are three probe types: readiness, liveness, and startup.

#### Attributes

**failureThreshold**

`int`

Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.

**initialDelaySeconds**

`int`

The number of seconds before health checking is activated.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

**periodSeconds**

`int`

How often (in seconds) to perform the probe.

**probeHandler** *required*

`Exec | Http | Tcp`

The action taken to determine the alive or health of a container

**successThreshold**

`int`

Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed.

**terminationGracePeriod**

`int`

**timeoutSeconds**

`int`

The number of seconds after which the probe times out.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

### Tcp

Tcp describes an action based on opening a socket.

#### Attributes

**url** *required*

`str`

The full qualified url to open a socket.

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
