# v1

## Index

- [HTTPIngressPath](#httpingresspath)
- [HTTPIngressRuleValue](#httpingressrulevalue)
- [Ingress](#ingress)
- [IngressBackend](#ingressbackend)
- [IngressRule](#ingressrule)
- [IngressServiceBackend](#ingressservicebackend)
- [IngressSpec](#ingressspec)
- [IngressTLS](#ingresstls)
- [ServiceBackendPort](#servicebackendport)


## Schemas

### HTTPIngressPath

HTTPIngressPath associates a path with a backend. Incoming urls matching the path are forwarded to the backend.

#### Attributes

**backend** *required*

`IngressBackend`

**path**

`str`

**pathType** *required*

`str`

### HTTPIngressRuleValue

HTTPIngressRuleValue is a list of http selectors pointing to backends. In the example: http://&lt;host&gt;/&lt;path&gt;?&lt;searchpart&gt; -&gt; backend where where parts of the url correspond to RFC 3986, this resource will be used to match against everything after the last &#39;/&#39; and before the first &#39;?&#39; or &#39;#&#39;.

#### Attributes

**paths** *required*

`[HTTPIngressPath]`

A collection of paths that map requests to backends.

### Ingress

Ingress is a collection of rules that allow inbound connections to reach the endpoints defined by a backend. An Ingress can be configured to give services externally-reachable urls, load balance traffic, terminate SSL, offer name based virtual hosting etc.

#### Attributes

**apiVersion** *required* *readOnly*

`"networking.k8s.io/v1"`

APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources

**kind** *required* *readOnly*

`"Ingress"`

Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds

**metadata**

`ObjectMeta`

Standard object&#39;s metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata

**spec**

`IngressSpec`

Spec is the desired state of the Ingress. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status

### IngressBackend

IngressBackend describes all endpoints for a given service and port.

#### Attributes

**resource**

`TypedLocalObjectReference`

Resource is an ObjectRef to another Kubernetes resource in the namespace of the Ingress object. If resource is specified, a service.Name and service.Port must not be specified. This is a mutually exclusive setting with &#34;Service&#34;.

**service**

`IngressServiceBackend`

Service references a Service as a Backend. This is a mutually exclusive setting with &#34;Resource&#34;.

### IngressRule

IngressRule represents the rules mapping the paths under a specified host to the related backend services. Incoming requests are first evaluated for a host match, then routed to the backend associated with the matching IngressRuleValue.

#### Attributes

**host**

`str`

**http**

`HTTPIngressRuleValue`

### IngressServiceBackend

IngressServiceBackend references a Kubernetes Service as a Backend.

#### Attributes

**name** *required*

`str`

Name is the referenced service. The service must exist in the same namespace as the Ingress object.

**port**

`ServiceBackendPort`

Port of the referenced service. A port name or port number is required for a IngressServiceBackend.

### IngressSpec

IngressSpec describes the Ingress the user wishes to exist.

#### Attributes

**defaultBackend**

`IngressBackend`

DefaultBackend is the backend that should handle requests that don&#39;t match any rule. If Rules are not specified, DefaultBackend must be specified. If DefaultBackend is not set, the handling of requests that do not match any of the rules will be up to the Ingress controller.

**ingressClassName**

`str`

IngressClassName is the name of the IngressClass cluster resource. The associated IngressClass defines which controller will implement the resource. This replaces the deprecated `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation. For backwards compatibility, when that annotation is set, it must be given precedence over this field. The controller may emit a warning if the field and annotation have different values. Implementations of this API should ignore Ingresses without a class specified. An IngressClass resource may be marked as default, which can be used to set a default value for this field. For more information, refer to the IngressClass documentation.

**rules**

`[IngressRule]`

A list of host rules used to configure the Ingress. If unspecified, or no rule matches, all traffic is sent to the default backend.

**tls**

`[IngressTLS]`

TLS configuration. Currently the Ingress only supports a single TLS port, 443. If multiple members of this list specify different hosts, they will be multiplexed on the same port according to the hostname specified through the SNI TLS extension, if the ingress controller fulfilling the ingress supports SNI.

### IngressTLS

IngressTLS describes the transport layer security associated with an Ingress.

#### Attributes

**hosts**

`[str]`

Hosts are a list of hosts included in the TLS certificate. The values in this list must match the name/s used in the tlsSecret. Defaults to the wildcard host setting for the loadbalancer controller fulfilling this Ingress, if left unspecified.

**secretName**

`str`

SecretName is the name of the secret used to terminate TLS traffic on port 443. Field is left optional to allow TLS routing based on SNI hostname alone. If the SNI host in a listener conflicts with the &#34;Host&#34; header field used by an IngressRule, the SNI host is used for termination and value of the Host header is used for routing.

### ServiceBackendPort

ServiceBackendPort is the service port being referenced.

#### Attributes

**name**

`str`

Name is the name of the port on the Service. This is a mutually exclusive setting with &#34;Number&#34;.

**number**

`int`

Number is the numerical port number (e.g. 80) on the Service. This is a mutually exclusive setting with &#34;Name&#34;.

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
