# accessories

## Index

- [Database](#database)


## Schemas

### Database

As an important supporting accessory, Database describes the attributes to locally deploy or create a cloud provider managed database instance for the workload.

#### Attributes

**category**

`str`

Category defines the edition of the rds instance provided by the cloud
vendor.

**engine** *required*

`str`

Engine defines the database engine to use.

**extraMap**

`{str:str}`

ExtraMap defines the diversified rds configuration items from different
cloud vendors.

**instanceType**

`str`

InstanceType defines the type of the database which is required when
creating an rds instance provided by the cloud vendor.

**privateRouting**

`bool`

PrivateRouting defines whether the host address of the rds instance for the workload
to connect with is via public network or private network of the cloud vendor.

**securityIPs**

`[str]`

SecurityIPs defines the list of IP addresses allowed to access the rds
instance provided by the cloud vendor.

**size**

`int`

Size defines the allocated storage size of the rds instance provided by
the cloud vendor in GB.

**subnetID**

`str`

SubnetID defines the virtual subnet ID associated with the VPC that the rds
instance will be created in. The rds instance won't be created in user's own VPC
if this field is not provided.

**type** *required*

`str`

Type defines the local deployment mode or the specific cloud vendor that
provides the relational database service (rds).

**username**

`str`

Username defines the operation account for the database.

**version** *required*

`str`

Version defines the database engine version to use.

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
