# storage

## Index

- [DBAttr](#dbattr)
- [DataBase](#database)
- [ObjectStorage](#objectstorage)
- [StorageAttr](#storageattr)


## Schemas

### DBAttr

DBAttr is the Attributes of cloud database. Attributes ---------- databaseEngine: &#34;MySQL&#34; | &#34;SQLServer&#34; | &#34;PostgreSQL&#34; | &#34;MariaDB&#34;, cloud database engine type, default is &#34;MySQL&#34;. databaseEngineVersion: str, cloud database engine version, default is Undefined. cloudChargeType: &#34;Prepaid&#34; | &#34;Postpaid&#34; | &#34;Serverless&#34;, cloud database charge type, default is &#34;Postpaid&#34;. databaseAccountName: str, initialized account name of cloud database, default is Undefined. databaseAccountPassWord: str, intitialized account password of cloud database, default is Undefined. internetAccess: bool, decide whether the cloud database needs internet access.

#### Attributes

**allocatedStorage**

`int`

**databaseAccountName** *required*

`str`

**databaseAccountPassword** *required*

`str`

**databaseEngine** *required*

`"MySQL" | "SQLServer" | "PostgreSQL" | "MariaDB"`

**databaseEngineVersion** *required*

`str`

**extraMap**

`{str:str}`

**instanceType** *required*

`str`

**internetAccess** *required*

`bool`

### DataBase

DataBase is the schema of cloud database. Attributes ---------- dataBaseType: Literal Type, cloud database type name, default is &#34;aliyun_rds&#34;. dataBaseAttr: DBAttr, cloud database attribute, default is Undefined.

#### Attributes

**dataBaseAttr** *required*

`DBAttr`

**dataBaseType** *required*

`"aliyun_rds" | "aws_rds"`

### ObjectStorage

ObjectStorage is the schema of clouds object storage. Attributes ---------- objectStorageType: str, cloud object storage name, default is Undefined. objectStorageAttr: str, cloud object storage attribute, default is Undefined.

#### Attributes

**objectStorageAttr** *required*

`StorageAttr`

**objectStorageType** *required*

`str`

### StorageAttr

StorageAttr is the Attributes of storage. Attributes ---------- bucket: str, The name of the bucket, default is Undefined. acl: str, The canned ACL to apply, default is Undefined.

#### Attributes

**acl** *required*

`str`

**bucket** *required*

`str`

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
