# Package common

## Index

- [Metadata](#schema-metadata)


## Schemas

### Schema Metadata

Metadata is the base schema of all models, which contains data that helps uniquely identify the object.

#### Attributes

**annotations**

`{str:str}`

Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a
resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve
arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved
when modifying objects.
More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations

**labels**

`{str:str}`

Labels is a map of string keys and values that can be used to
organize and categorize (scope and select) objects.
May match selectors of replication controllers and services.
More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels

**name**

`str`

The name of the resource.
Name must be unique within a namespace. It&#39;s required when creating
resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the
generation of an appropriate name automatically.
Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration
definition. Cannot be updated. More info:
http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names

**namespace**

`str`

Namespaces are intended for use in environments with many users spread
across multiple teams, or projects.
For clusters with a few to tens of users, you should not need to create
or think about namespaces at all. Start using namespaces when you need the features they provide.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/

<!-- Auto generated by kcl-doc tool, please do not edit. -->
